basic user manual (#20)
angelolab/AMP: readme.md

## Overview

`AMP`, the Augmentable Mibi Pipeline, is a GUI environment for dynamically processing multiplexed
image data via a configurable plugin-style architecture.  With no plugins active, AMP acts as a 

> simple image viewer.  For now, AMP's standard plugins will be directclones of those in MAUI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
simple image viewer.  For now, AMP's standard plugins will be direct clones of those in MAUI.
```

## Features

> - Quick 'whole-cohort' tiff viewing from main viewer

Reviewer: I don't know what quick whole cohort TIFF viewing means. 

"Ability to easily visualize images from 100s of different FOVs at once?"
"Ability to scroll through distinct channels of multiplexed images easily?"

- Loadable plugin interface for highly configurable data processing

> - Single executable; no need to run in any sort environment (MATLAB, docker, conda, etc)

Reviewer: I would see if you could make this even simpler. i.e. can be installed directly on your computer and doesn't require any software (such as matlab or python) to run

### Current plugins

> - 🟡 MAUI style background removal

Reviewer: Does this mean almost working? And it'll get a green checkmark once it's finished?

Author: pretty much; open to different symbols or just removing it

Reviewer: No I think it's fine. Once we have at least one with a checkmark I think it'll be pretty obvious
